Revise Global type document (#11)
olets/zsh-abbr-v5-docs: docs/types.md

## Global

Global abbreviations expand everywhere.

To scope a zsh-abbr command to the user, pass the `--global` flag or its shorthand `-g`.

> In the following examples, global abbreviations can expand at any positions:

Reviewer: What do you think about something like

```suggestion
In the following examples, global abbreviations expand at the start of the line and also in other positions:
```

to most directly contrast with the `regular` documentation?

If you don't like that, let's at least do

```suggestion
In the following examples, global abbreviations expand in any position:
```

Author: Thank you for your feedback! Yes, it's okay with me. I'll merge the suggestion.
